UI Design

Mobile Application

The mobile application, as usual, will have a recognizable icon  that can be added on the desktop.
When the application is opened, the display will show the login screen.

(mockup login)

E-mail and Password are required for the login. Insert wrong credential cause the refresh of the page with a notification explaining the problem, without giving information about the wrong field.
In this screen is possible to register new Users by the button "REGISTER". Clicking leads to the registration screen, it is a form who must be filled entirely and correctly to have a successfull regstration. The fields must be at least "name", "Surname", "Driving Licence", "E-Mail" and "Payment System", add other fields could be halpfull but not strictly necessary. If some datas are not acceptable, a notification will be displayed and the form will be reuploaded.
After the login, the display show the Main Screen.

(Mockup 2)

On the screen is possible to see the map of the city, if is available the center will be the user position, if it is not available the center will be the center of the city. In the upper side there is a menù with the sections "Main Menù", "Select Car" and "Payments".
Main Menù open a list of fields. It contains the field "Modify Profile" that lead to a screen equal to the Registration Screen previously described. In the Main Menù list is auspicable to put all functionalities not strictly related to the reservation and the payment, this will make more clean and simple the application.
Payments allows to pay the unpayed fee, if there is. If there are no unpayed fee will be shown a message like "You payed the last fee, there is nothing to pay more". If there is a payment pending the massage will be "There is a pending payment. You have to pay 5€ (example)." and a button will start the payment procedure.
Select car is the basic screen of the application. In this section is possible to set the center point of research and the research range, user should be guided to choose his position as center even if is possible to put any position as center of the research. When center and range are available for the server, it starts to search cars. Cars will be shown on the map and user can click on them to see the car informations.

(mockup 3)

Informations must be about the battery and the location, could be usefull add other information as model and number of sets. A button "Reserve Now" will start the reservation. When the reservation starts the display will show a one hour countdown, the timer indicates the time to the expiration of the reservation. An unlock button and a cancel button will be in the screen as well.
If the unlock button is pushed not near enough, will be dislayed a message that notify the problem.
When the car is ignited the countdown stops and the application go in standby, in the logic the application switch from reservation to ride. Only the application is in standby, not the entire phone.
Application will wake up when the car is turned off.
If the car is in an unsafe area, "You left car in an unsafe area" will be displayed togheter wit an unlock button and a one hour countdown. At the end of the countdown the ride will end
If the car is in a safe area the ride will end.
When a reservation or a ride ends, a payment notification is shown. It should be like "Your reservation has ended. Your fee is 8€. Thanks for using Power Enjoy Service". A confirmation button allows to go back to the Main Scree. The payment message is not shown if the reservation is canceled. Is important to underline that on the payment notificatio will NEVER appear the word "ride": ride is usefull for the logic but its existence is useless for the user, so is usefull to avoid the use of two terms.
Every time is not specified, the "go back" button of every mobile system will accomplish the "go back" function.

The application must be as simple as possible, the main idea is to make every marginal utilities, like the main menù options, obscured by the main functionality. This reasoning increase usability thanks to the focus on the reservation.

The language to write the application obviously will change from a operating system to another. The application must run on Android and iOS. For Android the language will be Java and for iOS the language will be Swift.


Web Page

Web Page is a support of the application. The presence of a dowload link should be as constant as possible.

(mockup web 1)

The main purpose of the web page is to give the possibility to the user to have a more efficient way to manage side functions. The app will focus on the reservations, and the web page allow to have a better interface for the options of the main menù list.
The main page is very similar to the access screen of the application and the consequences of the buttons are the very same.

(mockup web 2)

On the main page the is a list on the left. From the lists fields is easy to manage the profile, from the personal information to the history of payments.
On the main page is also possible to see Power Enjoy Cars distribuited on the map. This possybility doesn't allow to reserve a car, this is possible only via application

The web page should be written in XML or JSON, to allows quick and efficient data transfer through textual data files over HTTPS.